ITS_seq_number	Kingdom	Phylum	Class	Order	Family	Genus	Species
forward_FUN_ITS_1	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_2	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_3	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_4	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_6	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_7	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
forward_FUN_ITS_8	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_10	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_11	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_14	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_15	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_17	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
forward_FUN_ITS_18	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_21	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
forward_FUN_ITS_22	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
forward_FUN_ITS_23	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_24	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_27	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
forward_FUN_ITS_28	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_29	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_30	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_31	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_33	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_35	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_36	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_39	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_40	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_41	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_42	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_44	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_45	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
forward_FUN_ITS_48	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
forward_FUN_ITS_50	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_51	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_56	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
forward_FUN_ITS_59	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_61	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_63	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_64	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_65	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp. YH-2018c
forward_FUN_ITS_67	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium furcatum
forward_FUN_ITS_68	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
forward_FUN_ITS_69	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum plurivorum
forward_FUN_ITS_71	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_74	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
forward_FUN_ITS_76	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_79	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia australis
forward_FUN_ITS_82	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_83	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Neopestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_88	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium parasiticum
forward_FUN_ITS_89	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
forward_FUN_ITS_90	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
forward_FUN_ITS_91	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
forward_FUN_ITS_92	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
forward_FUN_ITS_93	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_100	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium parasiticum
forward_FUN_ITS_104	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium allicinum
forward_FUN_ITS_105	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_107	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium biseptatum
forward_FUN_ITS_116	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Hawksworthiana	Hawksworthiana clematidicola
forward_FUN_ITS_118	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
forward_FUN_ITS_120	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Sclerostagonospora	Sclerostagonospora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_124	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
forward_FUN_ITS_127	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_128	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_130	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
forward_FUN_ITS_131	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
forward_FUN_ITS_132	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_133	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_134	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_135	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_136	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_143	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum keratinophilum
forward_FUN_ITS_153	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta ligniaria
forward_FUN_ITS_154	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta ligniaria
forward_FUN_ITS_156	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium psalliotae
forward_FUN_ITS_157	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_158	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_159	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_160	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp. 3 AE-2013
forward_FUN_ITS_161	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_162	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_163	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_208	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia uzbekistanensis
forward_FUN_ITS_209	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia uzbekistanensis
forward_FUN_ITS_214	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_215	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_216	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
forward_FUN_ITS_217	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_221	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terrea
forward_FUN_ITS_223	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
forward_FUN_ITS_224	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_246	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_258	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium ramotenellum
forward_FUN_ITS_259	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_260	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_261	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_262	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_263	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_281	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_284	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium avenaceum
forward_FUN_ITS_285	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_286	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria infectoria
forward_FUN_ITS_287	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_288	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria chartarum
forward_FUN_ITS_307	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
forward_FUN_ITS_308	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
forward_FUN_ITS_309	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium kewense
forward_FUN_ITS_320	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
forward_FUN_ITS_327	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
forward_FUN_ITS_328	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_338	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula dairenensis
forward_FUN_ITS_339	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
forward_FUN_ITS_340	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
forward_FUN_ITS_341	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
forward_FUN_ITS_342	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_343	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_344	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora americana
forward_FUN_ITS_345	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_346	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_347	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_348	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_349	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_350	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_351	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_358	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_359	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_360	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_361	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_363	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_364	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium	Scedosporium apiospermum
forward_FUN_ITS_365	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum samala
forward_FUN_ITS_366	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_367	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_368	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_369	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_370	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_374	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
forward_FUN_ITS_375	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_376	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
forward_FUN_ITS_377	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. JJP-2009a
forward_FUN_ITS_378	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. JJP-2009a
forward_FUN_ITS_379	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
forward_FUN_ITS_380	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
forward_FUN_ITS_381	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
forward_FUN_ITS_383	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
forward_FUN_ITS_384	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
forward_FUN_ITS_386	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_390	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_392	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_396	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_398	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
forward_FUN_ITS_399	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_400	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_401	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_402	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_403	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_404	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
forward_FUN_ITS_405	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
forward_FUN_ITS_406	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
forward_FUN_ITS_407	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
forward_FUN_ITS_409	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
forward_FUN_ITS_410	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
forward_FUN_ITS_411	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_412	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_413	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_418	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis
forward_FUN_ITS_419	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_420	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
forward_FUN_ITS_421	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_422	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces lactosus
forward_FUN_ITS_450	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia randhawae
forward_FUN_ITS_467	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma samarorum
forward_FUN_ITS_470	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_474	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
forward_FUN_ITS_475	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus lentulus
forward_FUN_ITS_476	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
forward_FUN_ITS_477	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
forward_FUN_ITS_478	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
forward_FUN_ITS_479	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_480	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_481	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_482	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_483	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
forward_FUN_ITS_484	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
forward_FUN_ITS_485	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
forward_FUN_ITS_487	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
forward_FUN_ITS_488	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Didymellaceae sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_489	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_490	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_491	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
forward_FUN_ITS_492	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
forward_FUN_ITS_500	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma terrestris
forward_FUN_ITS_501	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_502	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_503	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_506	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. JJP-2009a
forward_FUN_ITS_510	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_511	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_512	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_513	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_514	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_516	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
forward_FUN_ITS_526	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
forward_FUN_ITS_533	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_534	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_535	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
forward_FUN_ITS_547	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_552	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema cf. pseudoalba MG27
forward_FUN_ITS_555	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_556	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_557	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_558	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_559	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_560	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_561	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_562	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_563	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_564	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_565	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_566	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_567	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_568	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_569	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_570	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_571	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_572	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_573	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_574	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_575	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_576	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_577	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_578	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_579	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_580	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_581	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_582	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_583	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_584	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_585	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_586	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_587	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_588	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_589	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_590	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
forward_FUN_ITS_591	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_592	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_593	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_594	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_595	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_596	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_597	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_598	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_600	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_602	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_605	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_606	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_607	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_608	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp. 17WV07
forward_FUN_ITS_610	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_611	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. BAB-4561
forward_FUN_ITS_612	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_613	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_614	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
forward_FUN_ITS_616	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
forward_FUN_ITS_617	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
forward_FUN_ITS_618	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_619	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	NA	Spiromastix	Spiromastix asexualis
forward_FUN_ITS_620	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Onygenales	NA	Spiromastix	Spiromastix asexualis
forward_FUN_ITS_621	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
forward_FUN_ITS_624	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp. 17WV07
forward_FUN_ITS_625	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_627	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_628	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_629	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	NA	Paecilomyces	Paecilomyces sp. ATT058
forward_FUN_ITS_633	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_634	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis
forward_FUN_ITS_636	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
forward_FUN_ITS_637	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_638	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
forward_FUN_ITS_658	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia basicola
forward_FUN_ITS_659	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
forward_FUN_ITS_663	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_664	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
forward_FUN_ITS_665	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_666	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_667	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_668	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_669	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_670	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Taifanglania	Taifanglania parvispora
forward_FUN_ITS_671	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_675	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Cladophialophora	Cladophialophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_680	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_681	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria abundans
forward_FUN_ITS_682	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_683	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_684	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_702	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
forward_FUN_ITS_703	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora pyriformis
forward_FUN_ITS_704	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria rubropeziza
forward_FUN_ITS_705	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora micropedis
forward_FUN_ITS_707	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Paracremonium	Paracremonium binnewijzendii
forward_FUN_ITS_710	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora micropedis
forward_FUN_ITS_716	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_717	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_720	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_721	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
forward_FUN_ITS_722	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
forward_FUN_ITS_723	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Corynascella	Corynascella inaequalis
forward_FUN_ITS_724	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Chaetomium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_725	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Chaetomium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_726	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Chaetomium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_727	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
forward_FUN_ITS_728	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
forward_FUN_ITS_729	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
forward_FUN_ITS_730	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrodendrum	Cylindrodendrum alicantinum
forward_FUN_ITS_731	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_732	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_740	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera coccophila
forward_FUN_ITS_752	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium alribaticum
forward_FUN_ITS_775	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_776	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_777	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_778	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_784	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium ferrarisianum
forward_FUN_ITS_785	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus aquaticus
forward_FUN_ITS_786	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Clarireedia	Clarireedia homoeocarpa
forward_FUN_ITS_792	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium furcatum
forward_FUN_ITS_793	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus heteromorphus
forward_FUN_ITS_794	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
forward_FUN_ITS_795	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_796	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_797	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_798	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
forward_FUN_ITS_799	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
forward_FUN_ITS_801	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Nigrogranaceae	Nigrograna	Biatriospora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_802	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Nigrogranaceae	Nigrograna	Biatriospora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_803	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum plurivorum
forward_FUN_ITS_808	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium glabrum
forward_FUN_ITS_809	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
forward_FUN_ITS_817	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma podzolica
forward_FUN_ITS_818	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
forward_FUN_ITS_819	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Neopyrenochaetaceae	Neopyrenochaeta	Neopyrenochaeta telephoni
forward_FUN_ITS_820	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_824	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_825	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_826	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_827	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_828	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_829	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_830	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_831	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_832	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_833	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_834	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
forward_FUN_ITS_835	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia gamsii
forward_FUN_ITS_836	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_837	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_839	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_840	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora sp. AX163
forward_FUN_ITS_841	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_846	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_852	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_854	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	NA	Nectriaceae sp. 2 R. Kirschner RRK13
forward_FUN_ITS_855	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	NA	Nectriaceae sp. 2 R. Kirschner RRK13
forward_FUN_ITS_856	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_857	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_858	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	NA	Chaetomiaceae sp. H2a
forward_FUN_ITS_859	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
forward_FUN_ITS_860	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
forward_FUN_ITS_863	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium ramotenellum
forward_FUN_ITS_864	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium ramotenellum
forward_FUN_ITS_865	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_866	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria chlamydospora
forward_FUN_ITS_867	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria tenuissima
forward_FUN_ITS_868	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
forward_FUN_ITS_869	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_872	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
forward_FUN_ITS_885	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
forward_FUN_ITS_886	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_889	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria rubropeziza
forward_FUN_ITS_892	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cosmospora	Cosmospora micropedis
forward_FUN_ITS_893	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera coccophila
forward_FUN_ITS_895	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria rubropeziza
forward_FUN_ITS_900	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria tomentoalba
forward_FUN_ITS_901	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella peruviana
forward_FUN_ITS_903	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Niessliaceae	Monocillium	Monocillium sp. BGE-2018c
forward_FUN_ITS_909	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis
forward_FUN_ITS_913	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_926	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Corticiales	Corticiaceae	Subulicystidium	Subulicystidium perlongisporum
forward_FUN_ITS_931	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus tubingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_932	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_933	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_934	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_935	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
forward_FUN_ITS_936	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum xylopini
forward_FUN_ITS_937	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_938	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
forward_FUN_ITS_940	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_941	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_942	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_943	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_944	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_945	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_946	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_947	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_948	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_949	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_950	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_951	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_952	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_953	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_954	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_955	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia australis
forward_FUN_ITS_957	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
forward_FUN_ITS_958	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
forward_FUN_ITS_959	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_965	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Orthoptera	Tettigoniidae	Preussia	Preussia sp. 1 PAM-2020
forward_FUN_ITS_968	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Mycoarthris	Mycoarthris corallina
forward_FUN_ITS_969	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis uvicola
forward_FUN_ITS_970	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_973	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
forward_FUN_ITS_987	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_988	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_989	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera coccophila
forward_FUN_ITS_992	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_993	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_994	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Nectria	Nectria rubropeziza
forward_FUN_ITS_995	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca
forward_FUN_ITS_996	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_1000	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
forward_FUN_ITS_1002	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1003	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1004	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1005	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1006	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1007	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1008	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
forward_FUN_ITS_1009	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma harzianum
forward_FUN_ITS_1010	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1011	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1012	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1013	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_1014	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_1015	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_1016	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_1017	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1018	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
forward_FUN_ITS_1021	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_1024	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis
forward_FUN_ITS_1025	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma cynaroidis
forward_FUN_ITS_1029	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
forward_FUN_ITS_1032	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia antarctica
forward_FUN_ITS_1037	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1038	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
forward_FUN_ITS_1039	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_1040	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_1041	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
forward_FUN_ITS_1042	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sclerotiorum
forward_FUN_ITS_1048	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_1049	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
forward_FUN_ITS_1050	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1051	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1052	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1053	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
forward_FUN_ITS_1055	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
forward_FUN_ITS_1057	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
forward_FUN_ITS_1058	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_1059	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
forward_FUN_ITS_1060	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1061	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
forward_FUN_ITS_1062	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria pauciseptata
forward_FUN_ITS_1063	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
forward_FUN_ITS_1065	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1066	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1071	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon didymum
forward_FUN_ITS_1072	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1073	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1074	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladiaceae	Acremonium	Acremonium sclerotigenum
forward_FUN_ITS_1075	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1076	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1077	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1078	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
forward_FUN_ITS_1079	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	NA	Stachybotriaceae sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1081	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
forward_FUN_ITS_1111	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
forward_FUN_ITS_1112	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp. 1 LR-2016
forward_FUN_ITS_1113	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp. 1 LR-2016
forward_FUN_ITS_1121	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
forward_FUN_ITS_1124	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium ramotenellum
forward_FUN_ITS_1125	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
forward_FUN_ITS_1150	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum hyalocarpum
forward_FUN_ITS_1153	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
forward_FUN_ITS_1154	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma lunariae
forward_FUN_ITS_1174	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia spicifera
forward_FUN_ITS_1175	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
forward_FUN_ITS_1183	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Microcera	Microcera rubra
forward_FUN_ITS_1187	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp.
forward_FUN_ITS_1188	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
forward_FUN_ITS_1191	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces coalescens
forward_FUN_ITS_1192	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_1193	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_1194	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_1195	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_1196	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
forward_FUN_ITS_1199	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
merged_FUN_ITS_2	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
merged_FUN_ITS_3	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
merged_FUN_ITS_4	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
merged_FUN_ITS_5	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
merged_FUN_ITS_8	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
merged_FUN_ITS_9	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
merged_FUN_ITS_10	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_12	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_14	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_15	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
merged_FUN_ITS_18	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
merged_FUN_ITS_21	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
merged_FUN_ITS_23	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. ADL2.6
merged_FUN_ITS_24	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fischeri
merged_FUN_ITS_29	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
merged_FUN_ITS_30	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_31	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
merged_FUN_ITS_35	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
merged_FUN_ITS_36	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
merged_FUN_ITS_37	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
merged_FUN_ITS_38	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
merged_FUN_ITS_39	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
merged_FUN_ITS_42	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
merged_FUN_ITS_43	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	NA	Monosporascus	Monosporascus sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_44	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
merged_FUN_ITS_47	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium subspirale
merged_FUN_ITS_49	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_52	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
merged_FUN_ITS_54	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_55	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
merged_FUN_ITS_56	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
merged_FUN_ITS_63	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
merged_FUN_ITS_64	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_66	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_67	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia gamsii
merged_FUN_ITS_68	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis uvicola
merged_FUN_ITS_72	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_73	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium ramotenellum
merged_FUN_ITS_74	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Neopestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_75	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_77	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
merged_FUN_ITS_78	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
merged_FUN_ITS_84	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
merged_FUN_ITS_86	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
merged_FUN_ITS_87	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia uzbekistanensis
merged_FUN_ITS_89	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_91	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_92	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
merged_FUN_ITS_93	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_95	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_96	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
merged_FUN_ITS_99	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Cyphellophoraceae	Cyphellophora	Cyphellophora sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_100	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
merged_FUN_ITS_101	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
merged_FUN_ITS_104	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_105	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
merged_FUN_ITS_106	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_107	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum samala
merged_FUN_ITS_109	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium	Scedosporium dehoogii
merged_FUN_ITS_110	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
merged_FUN_ITS_111	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_113	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_116	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
merged_FUN_ITS_118	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula flavipila
merged_FUN_ITS_119	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_120	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
merged_FUN_ITS_121	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina sp. MA 4784
merged_FUN_ITS_123	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
merged_FUN_ITS_125	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
merged_FUN_ITS_126	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella candolleana
merged_FUN_ITS_132	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria chlamydosporigena
merged_FUN_ITS_134	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia antarctica
merged_FUN_ITS_135	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma harzianum
merged_FUN_ITS_136	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
merged_FUN_ITS_137	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
merged_FUN_ITS_138	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
merged_FUN_ITS_140	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_148	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
merged_FUN_ITS_150	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_151	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium restrictum
merged_FUN_ITS_155	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aphidis
merged_FUN_ITS_156	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium parasiticum
merged_FUN_ITS_157	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp. 3 AE-2013
merged_FUN_ITS_159	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium pimiteouiense
merged_FUN_ITS_164	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_168	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
merged_FUN_ITS_169	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
merged_FUN_ITS_170	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella	Coniella quercicola
merged_FUN_ITS_171	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_183	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella lageniformis
merged_FUN_ITS_186	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
merged_FUN_ITS_192	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium chrysogenum
merged_FUN_ITS_193	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum murorum
merged_FUN_ITS_195	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
merged_FUN_ITS_200	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
merged_FUN_ITS_204	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
merged_FUN_ITS_207	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_208	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Leptosphaerulina	Leptosphaerulina australis
merged_FUN_ITS_211	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
merged_FUN_ITS_214	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria tomentoalba
merged_FUN_ITS_218	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Pseudoascochyta	Pseudoascochyta novae-zelandiae
merged_FUN_ITS_220	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Polyphilus	Polyphilus sieberi
merged_FUN_ITS_223	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia basicola
merged_FUN_ITS_225	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
merged_FUN_ITS_226	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_228	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
merged_FUN_ITS_231	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon didymum
merged_FUN_ITS_233	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia randhawae
merged_FUN_ITS_235	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_239	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
merged_FUN_ITS_240	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Pseudoophiobolus	Pseudoophiobolus subhyalinisporus
merged_FUN_ITS_243	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp. MUT 4378
merged_FUN_ITS_247	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces pinophilus
merged_FUN_ITS_249	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Boeremia	Boeremia exigua
merged_FUN_ITS_251	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_252	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella peruviana
merged_FUN_ITS_253	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta simbalensis
merged_FUN_ITS_254	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma samarorum
merged_FUN_ITS_257	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma graphitipes
merged_FUN_ITS_259	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma terrea
merged_FUN_ITS_260	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum plurivorum
merged_FUN_ITS_266	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Stagonosporopsis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_270	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrodendrum	Cylindrodendrum alicantinum
merged_FUN_ITS_274	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
merged_FUN_ITS_275	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria chlamydospora
merged_FUN_ITS_276	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_291	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Mycoarthris	Mycoarthris corallina
merged_FUN_ITS_292	Eukaryota	Streptophyta	Magnoliopsida	Rosales	Rosaceae	Potentilla	Potentilla crantzii
merged_FUN_ITS_299	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
merged_FUN_ITS_302	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
merged_FUN_ITS_303	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma	Ophiostoma piceae
merged_FUN_ITS_304	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula dairenensis
merged_FUN_ITS_305	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria fimicola
merged_FUN_ITS_306	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_308	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria pauciseptata
merged_FUN_ITS_309	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	NA	Oliveonia	Oliveonia sp. VM-2020m
merged_FUN_ITS_313	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
merged_FUN_ITS_316	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
merged_FUN_ITS_321	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum piluliferum
merged_FUN_ITS_326	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophoma	Setophoma terrestris
merged_FUN_ITS_327	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
merged_FUN_ITS_330	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
merged_FUN_ITS_335	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium scolyti
merged_FUN_ITS_337	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_341	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
merged_FUN_ITS_343	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta sp. C52
merged_FUN_ITS_344	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp. 16WV03A
merged_FUN_ITS_346	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
merged_FUN_ITS_347	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	NA	Crustodontia	Crustodontia chrysocreas
merged_FUN_ITS_348	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium tenellum
merged_FUN_ITS_349	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	NA	Eucasphaeria	Eucasphaeria capensis
merged_FUN_ITS_351	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_352	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum murorum
merged_FUN_ITS_353	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella sulfurina
merged_FUN_ITS_355	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	NA	Monosporascus	Monosporascus sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_358	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_359	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora sp. 1 LR-2016
merged_FUN_ITS_363	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_366	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_370	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium madrasense
merged_FUN_ITS_372	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora americana
merged_FUN_ITS_375	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	NA	Ramophialophora	Ramophialophora humicola
merged_FUN_ITS_376	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Acremonium	Acremonium sclerotigenum
merged_FUN_ITS_385	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	NA	Acremonium	Acremonium persicinum
merged_FUN_ITS_388	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula ligniperda
merged_FUN_ITS_389	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Furcasterigmium	Furcasterigmium furcatum
merged_FUN_ITS_390	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia randhawae
merged_FUN_ITS_391	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia ditricha
merged_FUN_ITS_393	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_395	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella	Coniella limoniformis
merged_FUN_ITS_397	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium avenaceum
merged_FUN_ITS_398	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia spicifera
merged_FUN_ITS_399	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
merged_FUN_ITS_402	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma italica
merged_FUN_ITS_406	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria sp. 1 NV-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_407	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_410	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum hyalocarpum
merged_FUN_ITS_411	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium merismoides
merged_FUN_ITS_414	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_417	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
merged_FUN_ITS_419	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium globosum
merged_FUN_ITS_420	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	NA	Stachybotriaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_421	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia elongata
merged_FUN_ITS_426	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium roseopurpureum
merged_FUN_ITS_432	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora pyriformis
merged_FUN_ITS_436	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
merged_FUN_ITS_437	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum keratinophilum
merged_FUN_ITS_438	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_441	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
merged_FUN_ITS_442	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_443	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon didymum
merged_FUN_ITS_444	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium alribaticum
merged_FUN_ITS_451	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Chaetomellales	Chaetomellaceae	Pilidium	Pilidium concavum
merged_FUN_ITS_452	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
merged_FUN_ITS_459	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella discedens
merged_FUN_ITS_460	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Eremomycetales	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis	Arthrographis kalrae
merged_FUN_ITS_474	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_480	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium glabrum
merged_FUN_ITS_484	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Smaragdiniseta	Smaragdiniseta bisetosa
merged_FUN_ITS_485	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces cecidicola
merged_FUN_ITS_488	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Mammaria	Mammaria echinobotryoides
merged_FUN_ITS_493	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium senticosum
merged_FUN_ITS_498	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta fasciculata
merged_FUN_ITS_499	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium schulzeri
merged_FUN_ITS_500	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia tsunedae
merged_FUN_ITS_501	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Orbiliomycetes	Orbiliales	Orbiliaceae	Monacrosporium	Monacrosporium psychrophilum
merged_FUN_ITS_509	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_520	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
merged_FUN_ITS_522	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nematophilum
merged_FUN_ITS_525	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia trifolii
merged_FUN_ITS_527	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium citrinum
merged_FUN_ITS_531	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_535	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	NA	Monosporascus	Monosporascus sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_536	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria mouchaccae
merged_FUN_ITS_542	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium grande
merged_FUN_ITS_544	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_550	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella casca
merged_FUN_ITS_554	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus	Microascus cirrosus
merged_FUN_ITS_561	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Verticillium	Verticillium albo-atrum
merged_FUN_ITS_565	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
merged_FUN_ITS_568	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium mareoticum
merged_FUN_ITS_569	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_591	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_597	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis botulispora
merged_FUN_ITS_603	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Acrophialophora	Acrophialophora levis
merged_FUN_ITS_606	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Collarina	Collarina aurantiaca
merged_FUN_ITS_608	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Acremonium	Geosmithia microcorthyli
merged_FUN_ITS_610	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella casca
merged_FUN_ITS_612	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
merged_FUN_ITS_617	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_622	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	NA	Chrysozymaceae	Pseudohyphozyma	Pseudohyphozyma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_624	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_628	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Corynascus	Corynascus sepedonium
merged_FUN_ITS_637	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Capnodiales	NA	Pseudotaeniolina	Pseudotaeniolina globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_638	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	NA	Monosporascus	Monosporascus sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_639	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_642	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces lactosus
merged_FUN_ITS_643	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ectophoma	Ectophoma pomi
merged_FUN_ITS_645	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_646	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria tenuipes
merged_FUN_ITS_648	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_650	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium biseptatum
merged_FUN_ITS_653	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Ascochyta	Ascochyta pisi
merged_FUN_ITS_658	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria infectoria
merged_FUN_ITS_663	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_666	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus japonicus
merged_FUN_ITS_671	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_672	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium strelitziae
merged_FUN_ITS_674	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Ilyonectria	Ilyonectria capensis
merged_FUN_ITS_681	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella	Coniella solicola
merged_FUN_ITS_682	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium elatum
merged_FUN_ITS_688	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus	Microascus pyramidus
merged_FUN_ITS_692	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scopulariopsis	Scopulariopsis sphaerospora
merged_FUN_ITS_693	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon olidum
merged_FUN_ITS_697	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria brassicae
merged_FUN_ITS_700	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma samarorum
merged_FUN_ITS_701	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella casca
merged_FUN_ITS_707	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces verruculosus
merged_FUN_ITS_709	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
merged_FUN_ITS_712	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Toxicocladosporium	Toxicocladosporium strelitziae
merged_FUN_ITS_715	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_717	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Polycephalomyces	Polycephalomyces tomentosus
merged_FUN_ITS_719	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Minimelanolocus	Minimelanolocus aquaticus
merged_FUN_ITS_723	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	NA	Tetracladium	Tetracladium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_726	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Sclerostagonospora	Sclerostagonospora sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_734	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Plectosphaerellaceae	Plectosphaerella	Plectosphaerella sp. IBL 03174
merged_FUN_ITS_736	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium biseptatum
merged_FUN_ITS_738	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia glennii
merged_FUN_ITS_744	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_746	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_747	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Mammaria	Mammaria echinobotryoides
merged_FUN_ITS_749	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces verruculosus
merged_FUN_ITS_755	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Parachaetomium iranianum
merged_FUN_ITS_756	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria molesta
merged_FUN_ITS_759	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
merged_FUN_ITS_763	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Rutstroemiaceae	Clarireedia	Clarireedia homoeocarpa
merged_FUN_ITS_768	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Gliomastix	Gliomastix polychroma
merged_FUN_ITS_772	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces funiculosus
merged_FUN_ITS_777	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neoophiobolus	Neoophiobolus chromolaenae
merged_FUN_ITS_780	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora bulbillosa
merged_FUN_ITS_785	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
merged_FUN_ITS_787	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala pisciphila
merged_FUN_ITS_793	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Hortaea	Hortaea werneckii
merged_FUN_ITS_796	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium herbarum
merged_FUN_ITS_798	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Glomeromycetes	Paraglomerales	Pervetustaceae	Pervetustus	Pervetustus sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_800	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium ferrarisianum
merged_FUN_ITS_804	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_805	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_810	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	NA	Monosporascus	Monosporascus ibericus
merged_FUN_ITS_813	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella discedens
merged_FUN_ITS_816	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Leucosporidiales	Leucosporidiaceae	Leucosporidium	Leucosporidium scottii
merged_FUN_ITS_819	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladiaceae	Sarocladium	Sarocladium dejongiae
merged_FUN_ITS_820	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_821	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
merged_FUN_ITS_829	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus neoniveus
merged_FUN_ITS_830	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Microascus	Microascus cinereus
merged_FUN_ITS_832	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusicolla	Nectriaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_833	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella pinodella
merged_FUN_ITS_834	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria cf. infectoria
merged_FUN_ITS_835	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium	Scedosporium apiospermum
merged_FUN_ITS_840	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sclerotiorum
merged_FUN_ITS_848	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
merged_FUN_ITS_849	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
merged_FUN_ITS_851	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium globosum
merged_FUN_ITS_852	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp. FKI-5249
merged_FUN_ITS_855	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Strophariaceae	Hypholoma	Hypholoma fasciculare
merged_FUN_ITS_862	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia marmoricola
merged_FUN_ITS_866	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum australe
merged_FUN_ITS_869	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Bartalinia	Bartalinia robillardoides
merged_FUN_ITS_875	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Dothiorella	Dothiorella viticola
merged_FUN_ITS_878	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Curvularia	Curvularia geniculata
merged_FUN_ITS_879	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium	Stemphylium vesicarium
merged_FUN_ITS_880	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Myrmecridiales	Myrmecridiaceae	Myrmecridium	Myrmecridium thailandicum
merged_FUN_ITS_883	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Periconiaceae	Paraloratospora	Paraloratospora gahniae
merged_FUN_ITS_885	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Leptosphaerulina	Leptosphaerulina australis
merged_FUN_ITS_891	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
merged_FUN_ITS_892	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Periglandula	Periglandula sp. 3 WB-2014
merged_FUN_ITS_900	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_904	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium biseptatum
merged_FUN_ITS_905	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	NA	Emericellopsis	Emericellopsis terricola
merged_FUN_ITS_908	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
merged_FUN_ITS_909	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium convolutum
merged_FUN_ITS_913	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_914	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Pyrenophora	Pyrenophora teres
merged_FUN_ITS_915	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
merged_FUN_ITS_919	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Tricholomataceae	Hemimycena	Hemimycena sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_921	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
merged_FUN_ITS_933	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Microdochium	Microdochium bolleyi
merged_FUN_ITS_934	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium lateritium
merged_FUN_ITS_938	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium	Scedosporium dehoogii
merged_FUN_ITS_940	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum samala
merged_FUN_ITS_942	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema viticola
merged_FUN_ITS_945	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria infectoria
merged_FUN_ITS_947	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
merged_FUN_ITS_955	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus carbonarius
merged_FUN_ITS_956	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
merged_FUN_ITS_964	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella glomerata
merged_FUN_ITS_966	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Alfaria	Alfaria terrestris
merged_FUN_ITS_967	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Hormonema	Hormonema viticola
merged_FUN_ITS_970	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aggregatocicatricatum
merged_FUN_ITS_971	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
merged_FUN_ITS_974	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	NA	Sarcinomyces	Sarcinomyces crustaceus
merged_FUN_ITS_976	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_977	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_980	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Lecanicillium	Lecanicillium dimorphum
merged_FUN_ITS_983	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Zalariaceae	Zalaria	Zalaria obscura
merged_FUN_ITS_984	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
merged_FUN_ITS_985	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Pseudoophiobolus	Nodulosphaeria thalictri
merged_FUN_ITS_992	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Tephritidae	Bactrocera	Bactrocera tryoni
merged_FUN_ITS_993	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	NA	Chrysozymaceae	Pseudohyphozyma	Pseudohyphozyma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_995	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum laibachii
merged_FUN_ITS_996	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Neocatenulostroma	Neocatenulostroma microsporum
merged_FUN_ITS_997	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Lomentospora	Lomentospora prolificans
merged_FUN_ITS_1001	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
merged_FUN_ITS_1002	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
merged_FUN_ITS_1007	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp. BF45
merged_FUN_ITS_1010	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta hoffmannii
merged_FUN_ITS_1011	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Smaragdiniseta	Smaragdiniseta bisetosa
merged_FUN_ITS_1014	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
merged_FUN_ITS_1015	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
merged_FUN_ITS_1017	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Scedosporium	Scedosporium apiospermum
merged_FUN_ITS_1018	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia randhawae
merged_FUN_ITS_1020	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neoophiobolus	Neoophiobolus chromolaenae
merged_FUN_ITS_1022	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Filobasidium	Filobasidium magnum
merged_FUN_ITS_1023	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
merged_FUN_ITS_1031	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Marquandomyces	Metarhizium marquandii
merged_FUN_ITS_1033	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
merged_FUN_ITS_1036	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Glomerellales	Glomerellaceae	Colletotrichum	Colletotrichum chlorophyti
merged_FUN_ITS_1056	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
merged_FUN_ITS_1057	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora sphaerica
merged_FUN_ITS_1074	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae	Polyporus	Polyporus umbellatus
merged_FUN_ITS_1077	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
merged_FUN_ITS_1078	Eukaryota	Streptophyta	Magnoliopsida	Ericales	Ericaceae	Calluna	Calluna vulgaris
merged_FUN_ITS_1079	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Sarocladiaceae	Sarocladium	Sarocladium kiliense
merged_FUN_ITS_1084	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema terrestris
merged_FUN_ITS_1088	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Ophiosimulans	Ophiosimulans tanaceti
merged_FUN_ITS_1091	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula ligniperda
merged_FUN_ITS_1092	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Stemphylium	Stemphylium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1093	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_1094	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Podospora	Podospora vesticola
merged_FUN_ITS_1099	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema mangalensis
merged_FUN_ITS_1100	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Venturiaceae	Venturia	Venturia sp. (in: Fungi)
merged_FUN_ITS_1107	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema laurentii
merged_FUN_ITS_1110	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Lasiodiplodia	Lasiodiplodia theobromae
merged_FUN_ITS_1111	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1112	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Thelonectria	Thelonectria truncata
merged_FUN_ITS_1114	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Cutaneotrichosporon	Cutaneotrichosporon jirovecii
merged_FUN_ITS_1115	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Lithohypha	Lithohypha guttulata
merged_FUN_ITS_1116	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris sorokiniana
merged_FUN_ITS_1119	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum australe
merged_FUN_ITS_1126	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Thelebolales	Thelebolaceae	Thelebolus	Thelebolus globosus
merged_FUN_ITS_1128	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria infectoria
merged_FUN_ITS_1134	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1139	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1142	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Trichosporonales	Trichosporonaceae	Apiotrichum	Apiotrichum xylopini
merged_FUN_ITS_1145	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Polyporaceae	Polyporus	Polyporus umbellatus
merged_FUN_ITS_1151	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta rosae
merged_FUN_ITS_1158	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae	Phanerochaete	Phanerochaete sordida
merged_FUN_ITS_1161	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Sporidesmium campiniae
merged_FUN_ITS_1167	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Cistella	Cistella sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1168	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
merged_FUN_ITS_1169	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 1 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_1170	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria juncicola
merged_FUN_ITS_1172	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Lasiosphaeriaceae	Apiosordaria	Apiosordaria microcarpa
merged_FUN_ITS_1182	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Clavicipitaceae	Metapochonia	Metapochonia sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1186	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Trichurus	Trichurus spiralis
merged_FUN_ITS_1187	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Gliomastix	Gliomastix murorum
merged_FUN_ITS_1193	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
merged_FUN_ITS_1197	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Phaeomoniellales	Phaeomoniellaceae	Phaeomoniella	Phaeomoniella sp. 1 ICMP 18935
merged_FUN_ITS_1202	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Sirastachys	Sirastachys phaeospora
merged_FUN_ITS_1221	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1224	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Collariella bostrychodes
merged_FUN_ITS_1228	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala salmonis
merged_FUN_ITS_1231	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma euphorbiae
merged_FUN_ITS_1235	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Rhynchogastremataceae	Papiliotrema	Papiliotrema sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1243	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Ophiocordycipitaceae	Ophiocordyceps	Ophiocordyceps sp. JL-2011
merged_FUN_ITS_1246	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium capitatum
merged_FUN_ITS_1250	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Lasiodiplodia	Lasiodiplodia theobromae
merged_FUN_ITS_1253	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula mucilaginosa
merged_FUN_ITS_1258	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodotorula sp. MAC-2011b
merged_FUN_ITS_1261	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Neodevriesiaceae	Neodevriesia	Neodevriesia lagerstroemiae
merged_FUN_ITS_1262	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Russulales	Peniophoraceae	Peniophora	Peniophora laeta
merged_FUN_ITS_1263	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
merged_FUN_ITS_1267	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1272	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Eremomycetales	Eremomycetaceae	Arthrographis	Arthrographis sp. 07MA20
merged_FUN_ITS_1282	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Hortaea	Hortaea thailandica
merged_FUN_ITS_1285	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1287	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe novem
merged_FUN_ITS_1290	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Sigarispora	Sigarispora medicaginicola
merged_FUN_ITS_1291	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	NA	Coniochaetaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1293	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_1297	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
merged_FUN_ITS_1298	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Saccharomycetes	Saccharomycetales	Debaryomycetaceae	Candida	Candida parapsilosis
merged_FUN_ITS_1302	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Torulaceae	Torula	Torula ligniperda
merged_FUN_ITS_1322	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
merged_FUN_ITS_1323	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
merged_FUN_ITS_1325	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Herpotrichiellaceae sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1328	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia australis
merged_FUN_ITS_1329	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Bipolaris	Bipolaris cynodontis
merged_FUN_ITS_1336	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Tephritidae	Bactrocera	Bactrocera tryoni
merged_FUN_ITS_1342	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Diaporthaceae	Diaporthe	Diaporthe sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1344	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Melanommataceae	Camposporium	Camposporium lycopodiellae
merged_FUN_ITS_1350	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothideaceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
merged_FUN_ITS_1354	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Trichosphaeriales	Trichosphaeriaceae	Nigrospora	Nigrospora sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1355	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	NA	Trichothecium	Trichothecium roseum
merged_FUN_ITS_1360	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
merged_FUN_ITS_1363	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Mycosphaerellaceae	Ramularia	Ramularia sp.
merged_FUN_ITS_1366	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
merged_FUN_ITS_1376	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Microascales	Microascaceae	Lomentospora	Lomentospora prolificans
merged_FUN_ITS_1377	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Polyporales	Phanerochaetaceae	Hyphodermella	Hyphodermella rosae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_2	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_3	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_5	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_6	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_7	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_8	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_9	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_14	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_15	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_17	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_18	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_19	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_20	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_23	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_24	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_25	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_26	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_28	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia antarctica
reverse_FUN_ITS_29	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_31	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_33	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_34	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_37	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_38	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_39	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_40	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_41	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_42	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_44	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
reverse_FUN_ITS_45	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
reverse_FUN_ITS_48	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_52	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_54	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_56	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_58	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella lageniformis
reverse_FUN_ITS_60	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
reverse_FUN_ITS_61	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_62	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Neopestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis clavispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_63	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_64	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_65	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
reverse_FUN_ITS_66	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_70	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_71	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria molesta
reverse_FUN_ITS_72	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_83	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_85	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_87	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_96	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma labilis
reverse_FUN_ITS_99	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_100	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
reverse_FUN_ITS_103	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_104	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_105	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_107	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
reverse_FUN_ITS_114	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_116	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium limoniforme
reverse_FUN_ITS_117	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Leptosphaerulina	Leptosphaerulina australis
reverse_FUN_ITS_118	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Leptosphaerulina	Xenodidymella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_120	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_122	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_125	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_126	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_127	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_130	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrodendrum	Cylindrodendrum alicantinum
reverse_FUN_ITS_131	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_132	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_136	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Melnikomyces	Melnikomyces thailandicus
reverse_FUN_ITS_137	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_141	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis biciliata
reverse_FUN_ITS_146	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_147	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_148	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_149	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_150	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_151	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_152	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_154	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_155	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis uvicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_158	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_159	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_160	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_166	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium herbarum
reverse_FUN_ITS_175	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
reverse_FUN_ITS_181	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_182	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus chevalieri
reverse_FUN_ITS_183	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_186	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
reverse_FUN_ITS_187	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nygamai
reverse_FUN_ITS_188	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma	Ophiostoma piceae
reverse_FUN_ITS_189	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma	Ophiostoma piceae
reverse_FUN_ITS_210	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_211	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_212	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_213	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_214	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_216	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_219	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
reverse_FUN_ITS_220	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia globosa
reverse_FUN_ITS_221	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum murorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_222	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria fimicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_281	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_286	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia africana
reverse_FUN_ITS_287	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
reverse_FUN_ITS_289	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_318	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_326	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
reverse_FUN_ITS_327	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_328	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_329	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Allophoma tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_330	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_331	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis lupini
reverse_FUN_ITS_332	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_333	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_334	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_335	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria tenuissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_336	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_337	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_343	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_344	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_345	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_346	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_347	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_348	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_349	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_350	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_351	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_356	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium halotolerans
reverse_FUN_ITS_358	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_359	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
reverse_FUN_ITS_360	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
reverse_FUN_ITS_367	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum australe
reverse_FUN_ITS_369	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_371	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
reverse_FUN_ITS_372	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
reverse_FUN_ITS_374	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
reverse_FUN_ITS_390	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium chrysogenum
reverse_FUN_ITS_395	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
reverse_FUN_ITS_396	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
reverse_FUN_ITS_397	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
reverse_FUN_ITS_398	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala xenobiotica
reverse_FUN_ITS_405	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_410	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium chrysogenum
reverse_FUN_ITS_411	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium atramentosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_412	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium chrysogenum
reverse_FUN_ITS_416	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
reverse_FUN_ITS_417	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Togniniales	Togniniaceae	Phaeoacremonium	Phaeoacremonium minimum
reverse_FUN_ITS_421	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
reverse_FUN_ITS_422	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niger
reverse_FUN_ITS_423	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium rubidurum
reverse_FUN_ITS_424	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium striatisporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_425	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Paecilomyces cremeoroseus
reverse_FUN_ITS_430	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_431	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_432	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus penicillioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_437	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_441	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_442	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_443	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_444	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_449	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_450	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_451	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus amstelodami
reverse_FUN_ITS_452	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_453	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
reverse_FUN_ITS_455	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_456	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_457	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_458	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_459	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_460	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_461	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_462	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus niveoglaucus
reverse_FUN_ITS_463	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_464	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_465	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_466	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_467	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. ADL2.6
reverse_FUN_ITS_468	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_469	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_470	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Cladorrhinum	Cladorrhinum samala
reverse_FUN_ITS_471	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia fleischhakii
reverse_FUN_ITS_473	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
reverse_FUN_ITS_520	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
reverse_FUN_ITS_521	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
reverse_FUN_ITS_522	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus terreus
reverse_FUN_ITS_523	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces coalescens
reverse_FUN_ITS_524	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_542	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Psathyrellaceae	Psathyrella	Psathyrella candolleana
reverse_FUN_ITS_547	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria consortialis
reverse_FUN_ITS_548	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria consortialis
reverse_FUN_ITS_549	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_565	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis dorenboschii
reverse_FUN_ITS_566	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_567	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Allophoma tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_568	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_569	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_570	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_571	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma labilis
reverse_FUN_ITS_572	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_573	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_574	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma cylindrispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_575	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma labilis
reverse_FUN_ITS_576	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_577	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma samarorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_578	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_579	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_580	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_581	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_582	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_583	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_584	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_585	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_586	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_587	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_588	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_610	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus lentulus
reverse_FUN_ITS_611	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_612	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_613	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_614	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus fumigatiaffinis
reverse_FUN_ITS_615	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus lentulus
reverse_FUN_ITS_616	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_617	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus lentulus
reverse_FUN_ITS_618	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_619	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_620	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
reverse_FUN_ITS_621	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta polymorpha
reverse_FUN_ITS_622	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta ligniaria
reverse_FUN_ITS_623	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium striatisporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_624	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium striatisporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_625	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_626	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia lignicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_627	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_628	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_629	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_630	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_631	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_633	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
reverse_FUN_ITS_663	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_664	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_665	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_666	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_667	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
reverse_FUN_ITS_668	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
reverse_FUN_ITS_669	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium brachygibbosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_674	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. L34
reverse_FUN_ITS_690	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_692	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_693	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_694	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_696	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_698	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_699	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_704	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_706	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_707	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_708	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Phoma	Phoma sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_709	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_710	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_711	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_712	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_713	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_717	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Piskurozymaceae	Solicoccozyma	Solicoccozyma aeria
reverse_FUN_ITS_718	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_719	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_720	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola fuscoatra
reverse_FUN_ITS_721	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_722	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_723	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum murorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_724	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_725	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_726	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_727	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_728	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula obscura
reverse_FUN_ITS_729	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_730	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_731	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium sp. 2763
reverse_FUN_ITS_732	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_733	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_734	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_735	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula anamorphosa
reverse_FUN_ITS_736	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_737	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_738	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_739	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_740	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_742	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Hymenochaetales	Schizoporaceae	Oxyporus	Oxyporus sp. MEL 2382667
reverse_FUN_ITS_743	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Humicola fuscoatra
reverse_FUN_ITS_760	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_761	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_762	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
reverse_FUN_ITS_763	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_764	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
reverse_FUN_ITS_765	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
reverse_FUN_ITS_766	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
reverse_FUN_ITS_767	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis ranunculi
reverse_FUN_ITS_768	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_769	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum piluliferum
reverse_FUN_ITS_770	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium madrasense
reverse_FUN_ITS_771	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Melanosporales	Chaetomiaceae	Chaetomium	Chaetomium madrasense
reverse_FUN_ITS_772	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Neodidymelliopsis	Neodidymelliopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_773	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_774	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_775	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_776	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Stachybotrys	Stachybotrys chartarum
reverse_FUN_ITS_780	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_781	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_783	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula asteroides
reverse_FUN_ITS_784	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula asteroides
reverse_FUN_ITS_785	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_786	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula thielavioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_788	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_789	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula asteroides
reverse_FUN_ITS_790	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria atra
reverse_FUN_ITS_875	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Clavariaceae	Clavaria	Clavaria tenuipes
reverse_FUN_ITS_878	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Chaetomellales	Chaetomellaceae	Pilidium	Pilidium concavum
reverse_FUN_ITS_892	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella peruviana
reverse_FUN_ITS_893	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_895	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_898	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_900	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Akanthomyces	Akanthomyces lecanii
reverse_FUN_ITS_951	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Hyaloscyphaceae	Polyphilus	Polyphilus sieberi
reverse_FUN_ITS_967	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aphidis
reverse_FUN_ITS_968	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aphidis
reverse_FUN_ITS_969	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium limoniforme
reverse_FUN_ITS_970	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_971	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium limoniforme
reverse_FUN_ITS_972	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_973	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_985	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_988	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_989	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_990	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium alribaticum
reverse_FUN_ITS_991	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Cystofilobasidiales	Cystofilobasidiaceae	Cystofilobasidium	Cystofilobasidium alribaticum
reverse_FUN_ITS_996	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_997	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_998	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_999	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1000	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1001	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1002	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1003	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1004	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Podila minutissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1005	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Podila minutissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1006	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Podila minutissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1007	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1008	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1009	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1010	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1011	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1012	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Podila	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1017	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia peltigerae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1021	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1022	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1023	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1024	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1025	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1032	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1033	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta nobilis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1034	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1035	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum plurivorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1036	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Boeremia	Boeremia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1037	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Boeremia	Boeremia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1038	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Coniothyriaceae	Coniothyrium	Coniothyrium ferrarisianum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1039	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Phaeosphaeria	Phaeosphaeria juncicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1040	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1041	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1042	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1043	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1044	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1049	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1050	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1051	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1052	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1053	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1054	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1055	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1056	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1057	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1058	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1059	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia gamsii
reverse_FUN_ITS_1060	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia gamsii
reverse_FUN_ITS_1061	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1062	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1063	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1072	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	NA	Oliveonia	Oliveonia sp. VM-2020m
reverse_FUN_ITS_1073	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	NA	Oliveonia	Oliveonia sp. VM-2020m
reverse_FUN_ITS_1074	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	NA	Oliveonia	Oliveonia sp. VM-2020m
reverse_FUN_ITS_1075	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Auriculariales	NA	Oliveonia	Oliveonia sp. VM-2020m
reverse_FUN_ITS_1078	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Cordycipitaceae	Akanthomyces	Akanthomyces lecanii
reverse_FUN_ITS_1085	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1086	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sumatraense
reverse_FUN_ITS_1087	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sumatraense
reverse_FUN_ITS_1088	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Sclerotiniaceae	Botrytis	Botrytis cinerea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1089	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bloxamia	Bloxamia sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1090	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
reverse_FUN_ITS_1091	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1092	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1093	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1094	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1095	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1096	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Microdochiaceae	Idriella	Idriella lunata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1097	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium glabrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1098	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium glabrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1099	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1100	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1103	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1105	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_1106	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Brunneofusispora sinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1107	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_1117	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1118	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1119	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1120	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1121	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1158	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
reverse_FUN_ITS_1159	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1160	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1161	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1162	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1163	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1164	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1165	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1166	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1167	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1168	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1169	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1170	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1171	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1172	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1173	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1174	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1175	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1176	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1177	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1178	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1179	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1180	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1181	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1182	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1183	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1184	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1185	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1186	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1187	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1188	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1189	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1190	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1201	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Chaetomellales	Chaetomellaceae	Pilidium	Pilidium concavum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1207	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia albida
reverse_FUN_ITS_1208	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Tephritidae	Bulleromyces	Bactrocera tryoni
reverse_FUN_ITS_1209	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1213	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1216	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Biatriosporaceae	Biatriospora	Biatriospora sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1220	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis uvicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1221	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1222	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1223	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Neopestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1224	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1225	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1226	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Subramaniula	Subramaniula cuniculorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1227	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Botryotrichum	Botryotrichum murorum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1228	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1229	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1247	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Neonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1248	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Ilyonectria sp. M64
reverse_FUN_ITS_1249	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Neonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1250	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Neonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1251	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Diaporthales	Schizoparmaceae	Coniella	Coniella pseudogranati
reverse_FUN_ITS_1252	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Mycosphaerellales	Teratosphaeriaceae	Neocatenulostroma	Neocatenulostroma microsporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1253	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria pauciseptata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1254	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocladiella	Cylindrocladiella peruviana
reverse_FUN_ITS_1255	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1256	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1257	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1258	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1259	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1260	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1261	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1262	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1263	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1271	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1273	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1274	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1276	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1277	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1278	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1279	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1280	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1281	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1282	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1283	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1328	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Rhodotorula	Rhodosporidiobolus sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1329	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1330	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Trichomeriaceae	Knufia	Knufia epidermidis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1337	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1338	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1339	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1340	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1341	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1342	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1343	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1344	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1345	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1346	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1348	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Melnikomyces	Melnikomyces thailandicus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1349	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Melnikomyces	Melnikomyces thailandicus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1350	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1351	Eukaryota	Arthropoda	Insecta	Diptera	Tephritidae	Bactrocera	Bactrocera tryoni
reverse_FUN_ITS_1357	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1359	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1361	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Tremellales	Trimorphomycetaceae	Saitozyma	Saitozyma podzolica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1363	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1364	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1365	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1367	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1370	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1371	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Ochroconis	Ochroconis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1372	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Venturiales	Sympoventuriaceae	Melnikomyces	Melnikomyces thailandicus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1374	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1376	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1379	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1381	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Neonectria	Dactylonectria ecuadoriensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1382	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala pisciphila
reverse_FUN_ITS_1384	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1386	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1387	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1388	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1389	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1390	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium limoniforme
reverse_FUN_ITS_1409	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1413	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Aspergillus	Aspergillus japonicus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1450	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Trichocomaceae	Talaromyces	Talaromyces funiculosus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1451	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1452	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1453	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1454	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1456	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Neurospora	Neurospora calospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1460	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1480	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Coniochaetales	Coniochaetaceae	Coniochaeta	Coniochaeta fasciculata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1484	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium aphidis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1485	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_1489	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1490	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1493	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1494	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1495	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis dorenboschii
reverse_FUN_ITS_1496	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1497	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1498	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp. MUT 4378
reverse_FUN_ITS_1504	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp. MUT 4378
reverse_FUN_ITS_1505	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Cucurbitariaceae	Pyrenochaeta	Pyrenochaeta sp. MUT 4378
reverse_FUN_ITS_1507	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1508	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1509	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1510	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1511	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1512	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1513	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1514	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1515	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella bainieri
reverse_FUN_ITS_1516	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1520	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Sebacinales	Sebacinaceae	Sebacina	Sebacina sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1523	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1525	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1528	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium roseopurpureum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1529	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium sumatraense
reverse_FUN_ITS_1530	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Microbotryomycetes	Sporidiobolales	Sporidiobolaceae	Sporobolomyces	Sporobolomyces lactosus
reverse_FUN_ITS_1531	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1532	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium glabrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1535	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1536	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1537	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1538	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1539	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1540	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1545	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium dominicanum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1546	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium pulvericola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1547	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1548	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1550	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1568	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
reverse_FUN_ITS_1569	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
reverse_FUN_ITS_1570	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. (in: Fungi)
reverse_FUN_ITS_1571	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1572	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1573	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1575	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1576	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1577	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1578	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1580	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1581	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1582	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1583	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1584	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1585	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1586	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1587	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1588	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1589	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1590	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1591	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1592	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1593	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1594	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1595	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1596	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1597	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1598	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1599	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1600	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1601	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1602	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1603	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1604	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1605	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1606	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1607	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1608	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1609	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1610	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1611	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1612	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1613	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1614	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1615	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1616	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1617	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1618	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1619	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1623	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1624	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1626	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis clavispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1627	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1628	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1629	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1630	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Trichocladium	Trichocladium asperum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1632	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Sordariaceae	Sordaria	Sordaria sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1637	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
reverse_FUN_ITS_1638	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1639	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1640	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria torresensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1641	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1642	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1643	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
reverse_FUN_ITS_1644	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Lophiostomataceae	Lophiostoma	Lophiostoma sp. 2 KB-2015
reverse_FUN_ITS_1646	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala equina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1647	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1648	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Clonostachys	Clonostachys rosea
reverse_FUN_ITS_1649	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1650	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Phialophora	Phialophora americana
reverse_FUN_ITS_1652	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1653	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1654	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1655	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1657	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1659	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1667	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	NA	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1683	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Amorosiaceae	Angustimassarina	Lophiostoma corticola
reverse_FUN_ITS_1686	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1687	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1693	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1699	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1700	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1703	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Didymella	Didymella glomerata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1704	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1705	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1706	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1707	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1708	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1709	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1710	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Allophoma	Allophoma tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1715	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Neopyrenochaetaceae	Neopyrenochaeta	Setophaeosphaeria sidae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1718	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Neopyrenochaetaceae	Neopyrenochaeta	Neopyrenochaeta maesuayensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1724	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Setophaeosphaeria	Setophaeosphaeria badalingensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1727	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1728	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1729	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1730	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1731	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1732	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Linnemannia	Linnemannia exigua
reverse_FUN_ITS_1733	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1734	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1735	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1736	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1737	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1738	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1739	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1740	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1741	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella alpina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1743	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1744	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Pezizomycetes	Pezizales	Ascodesmidaceae	Cephaliophora	Cephaliophora tropica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1746	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Leotiomycetes	Helotiales	Helotiaceae	Bisporella	Bisporella discedens
reverse_FUN_ITS_1753	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Sporormia	Sporormia sp. BAB-4550
reverse_FUN_ITS_1754	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia subticinensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1755	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_1756	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Massarinaceae	Massarina	Massarina rubi
reverse_FUN_ITS_1757	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1760	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Volutella	Volutella ciliata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1761	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1762	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1763	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium merismoides
reverse_FUN_ITS_1772	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1773	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1774	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1775	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1776	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1777	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1778	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1779	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1780	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1782	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia alloiomera
reverse_FUN_ITS_1783	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Eurotiales	Aspergillaceae	Penicillium	Penicillium spinulosum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1785	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia antarctica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1786	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Tremellomycetes	Filobasidiales	Filobasidiaceae	Naganishia	Naganishia randhawae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1787	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Neopestalotiopsis	Neopestalotiopsis clavispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1788	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1789	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1790	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1791	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Humicola	Chaetomium subspirale
reverse_FUN_ITS_1795	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
reverse_FUN_ITS_1796	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma virens
reverse_FUN_ITS_1797	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma harzianum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1798	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Hypocreaceae	Trichoderma	Trichoderma aerugineum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1801	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1802	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Cylindrocarpon	Cylindrocarpon olidum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1803	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1804	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria torresensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1805	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria torresensis
reverse_FUN_ITS_1806	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria novozelandica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1807	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1808	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1809	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1810	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1811	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1812	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1813	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1814	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1815	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1816	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1817	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1818	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1819	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1820	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1821	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1822	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1824	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1825	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1826	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1827	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1828	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium equiseti
reverse_FUN_ITS_1831	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1835	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Exophiala	Exophiala sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1836	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Dactylonectria	Dactylonectria macrodidyma
reverse_FUN_ITS_1839	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1840	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1841	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1842	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1843	Eukaryota	Mucoromycota	Mortierellomycetes	Mortierellales	Mortierellaceae	Mortierella	Mortierella sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1845	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1846	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1848	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Monodictys	Monodictys castaneae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1925	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Bionectriaceae	Geosmithia	Geosmithia sp. 24 NL-2014
reverse_FUN_ITS_1940	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1941	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1942	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1943	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1944	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_1945	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_1946	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium cladosporioides
reverse_FUN_ITS_1947	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1948	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Pseudoascochyta	Pseudoascochyta novae-zelandiae
reverse_FUN_ITS_1949	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Didymellaceae sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1950	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Stagonosporopsis	Stagonosporopsis cucurbitacearum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1951	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Didymellaceae	Epicoccum	Epicoccum nigrum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1952	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1953	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria tenuissima
reverse_FUN_ITS_1954	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1955	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pleosporaceae	Alternaria	Alternaria alternata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1956	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Phaeosphaeriaceae	Neosetophoma	Neosetophoma italica
reverse_FUN_ITS_1957	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis botulispora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1958	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1959	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1960	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma graphitipes
reverse_FUN_ITS_1961	Eukaryota	Basidiomycota	Agaricomycetes	Agaricales	Entolomataceae	Entoloma	Entoloma graphitipes
reverse_FUN_ITS_1962	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Pyrenochaetopsidaceae	Pyrenochaetopsis	Pyrenochaetopsis leptospora
reverse_FUN_ITS_1966	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
reverse_FUN_ITS_1967	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
reverse_FUN_ITS_1968	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Eurotiomycetes	Chaetothyriales	Herpotrichiellaceae	Bonordeniella	[Coniosporium] sp. MA4666
reverse_FUN_ITS_1970	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Dothioraceae	Endoconidioma	Endoconidioma populi
reverse_FUN_ITS_1971	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Cladosporiales	Cladosporiaceae	Cladosporium	Cladosporium sphaerospermum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1972	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1973	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1974	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1975	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1976	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium solani
reverse_FUN_ITS_1977	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. JJP-2009a
reverse_FUN_ITS_1979	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Botryosphaeriales	Botryosphaeriaceae	Macrophomina	Macrophomina phaseolina
reverse_FUN_ITS_1980	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis biciliata
reverse_FUN_ITS_1981	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Xylariales	Sporocadaceae	Pestalotiopsis	Pestalotiopsis sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1982	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Dothideales	Saccotheciaceae	Aureobasidium	Aureobasidium pullulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_1983	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium nematophilum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1984	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium sp.
reverse_FUN_ITS_1985	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1986	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
reverse_FUN_ITS_1987	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Stachybotryaceae	Striaticonidium	Striaticonidium cinctum
reverse_FUN_ITS_2028	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Sordariales	Chaetomiaceae	Thielavia	Thielavia basicola
reverse_FUN_ITS_2030	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_2031	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
reverse_FUN_ITS_2033	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_2034	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_2035	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
reverse_FUN_ITS_2037	Eukaryota	Chlorophyta	Chlorophyceae	Sphaeropleales	Hydrodictyaceae	Pediastrum	Pediastrum duplex
unmerged_FUN_ITS_1	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Hypocreales	Nectriaceae	Fusarium	Fusarium oxysporum
unmerged_FUN_ITS_2	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	NA	Sporormiaceae sp.
unmerged_FUN_ITS_3	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia aemulans
unmerged_FUN_ITS_10	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Sordariomycetes	Ophiostomatales	Ophiostomataceae	Ophiostoma	Ophiostoma canum
unmerged_FUN_ITS_13	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia sp. ADL2.6
unmerged_FUN_ITS_16	Eukaryota	Ascomycota	Dothideomycetes	Pleosporales	Sporormiaceae	Preussia	Preussia grandispora